Bruce Lee, english
Einstein, english
Borges, spanish
Aristotle, english
Plato, english
Nietzche, english
Isaac Newton, english
Tesla, english
Leonardo da Vinci, english
Galileo Galilei, english
Charles Darwin, english
Socrates, english
Shakespeare, english
Gandhi, english
martin luther king, english
steve jobs, english
Karl Marx, english
napoleon, english
edison, english
mandela, english
Genghis Khan, english
rene favaloro, spanish
cervantes, spanish
sarmiento, spanish
Mozart, english
gaudi, english
Voltaire, english
linus torvalds, english
chomsky, english
Elon Musk, english
Larry Page, english
Mark Zuckerburg, english
magnus carlsen, english
Bobby Fischer, english
Garry Kasparov, english
Pablo Picasso, english
dalai lama, english
sigmund freud, english
george orwell, english
dijkstra, english
kafka, english
francisco goya, espa침ol
stephen king, english
bioy casares, spanish
garcia m치rquez, espa침ol
Carlos Gardel, espa침ol
stephen hawkings, english
Newton, english
